feat(connector): add connector vs. element template section (#1481)
camunda/camunda-platform-docs: docs/components/connectors/introduction.md

- You want to focus on your worker's logic and have no need for using low-level Camunda 8 API? - Write a Connector.
- You want to provide a standardized modeling experience alongside your runtime behavior? - Write a Connector.

### Connector vs. Element Template

> The domain specific UI for modeling a connector is defined through a [connector template](./custom-built-connectors/connector-templates.md), which, in fact, is an [element template](../modeler/desktop-modeler/element-templates/about-templates.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You define the domain-specific UI for modeling a Connector through a [Connector template](./custom-built-connectors/connector-templates.md). This Connector template is, in fact, an [element template](../modeler/desktop-modeler/element-templates/about-templates.md).
```

> The domain specific UI for modeling a connector is defined through a [connector template](./custom-built-connectors/connector-templates.md), which, in fact, is an [element template](../modeler/desktop-modeler/element-templates/about-templates.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You define the domain-specific UI for modeling a Connector through a [Connector template](./custom-built-connectors/connector-templates.md). This Connector template is, in fact, an [element template](../modeler/desktop-modeler/element-templates/about-templates.md). 
```

> You can build a connector like system using element templates and plain old job workers, however you may miss out on some benefits (cf. [connector vs. job workers](#connector-vs-job-worker)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can build a Connector-like system using element templates and plain old job workers. However, using a Connector instead brings along some benefits as outlined in [Connector vs. Job Worker](#connector-vs-job-worker)).
```

> You can build a Connector-like system using element templates and plain old job workers. However, using a Connector instead brings along some benefits as outlined in [Connector vs. Job Worker](#connector-vs-job-worker)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can build a Connector-like system using element templates and plain old job workers. However, using a Connector instead brings along some benefits as outlined in [Connector vs. Job Worker](#connector-vs-job-worker).
```

Author: Woopsie :D
